# Improving the Evaluation of Generative Models with Fuzzy Logic

Official code for [Improving the Evaluation of Generative Models with Fuzzy Logic]() by Julian Niedermeier and Gonçalo Mordido.

## Setup

Setup environment with Conda:

- For Tensorflow CPU: `conda env create -f environment.yml`
- For Tensorflow GPU: `conda env create -f environment-gpu.yml`

**Note**: Tensorflow is only required by Improved Precision and Recall (IMPAR) and the Python files under `data/`. If you already have preprocessed data in the form generated by the files under `data/` you do not require Tensorflow.

**Note**: Only supports Tensorflow v2.x

## Directory Structure

`data`: Contains code to generate raw data for the metrics.
`figures`: Contains figures from the paper.
`metrics`: Contains implementations for all the metrics.
`misc`: Contains helper code (e.g. used image distortions).
`models`: Contains code to use various auxiliary classifiers. See [models/frozen_models/README.md](models/frozen_models/README.md) for more details.
`plot`: Contains code to plot the figures as reported in the paper.
`scripts`: Contains shell scripts (containing a list of python commands) to prepare the data and run all experiments.

Files under root:
- `fid.py`: Runs Fréchet Inception Distance.
- `fti.py`: Runs Fuzzy Topology Impact.
- `impar.py`: Runs Improved Precision and Recall.
- `is.py`: Runs Inception Score.
- `prd.py`: Run Precision and Recall for Distributions.

## Scripts

Scripts to prepare the data and run all experiments are located under `scripts/`.

**Note**: Scripts should be executed from the root directory of this repository.

`scripts/raw_data`: Contains scripts to generate data for the various experiments.
`scripts/<metric>`: Contains scripts to run experiments for a metric.
`scripts/plot`: Contains the commands to plot the experiment results.

## Contributions

If you would like to contribute your own experiments or metrics feel free to open up a pull request to make evaluation easier in the future.

## Citation
```
Coming soon
```

## License

License for all files except those noted otherwise: [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE)